we are leading the way and the greatest
human advancement of all time
he's unlike anything we've seen before
and he's entirely in our control and
initiate sequence what happened
you got yourself killed
you have been given a second chance I've
developed an army of soldiers like
yourself improve enhance welcome to the
circus
the technology in your veins will make
you faster stronger
and heal you instantly
I've been manipulating you said the next
target for elimination
you are my weapon
and you made me but you can't control me
forever
[Music]
come for you
looking forward to it
you can't get ink a low chance man oh
you